Auto-infer destination.service.resource, add public API, deprecate other destination.service fields (#436)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-spans-destination.md

Higher, if there are individual sub-resources for a service, such as individual queues for a message broker.
Same cardinality otherwise.

**API**

Agents SHOULD offer a public API to set this field so that users can customize the value if the generic mapping is not sufficient.

> User-supplied values MUST have the highest precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-supplied value MUST have the highest precedence, regardless if it was set before or after the automatic setting is invoked.
```

To allow for automatic inference,
without users having to specify any destination field,
agents SHOULD offer a dedicated API to start an exit span.
This API sets the `exit` flag to `true` and returns `null` or a noop span in case the parent already represents an `exit` span.

**Value**

For all exit spans,
agents MUST infer the value of this field based on properties that are set on the span.

This is how to determine whether a span is an exit span:
```groovy
exit = exit || context.destination || context.db || context.message
```

For each exit span that does not have a value for `context.destination.service.resource`,
agents MUST run this logic to infer the value.
```groovy

> if      (context.http?.url)            "${context.http.url.host}:${context.http.url.port}"

Reviewer 2: Should `context.http.url` come last (before the final catch-all "else"), for cases where the service is a database or messaging service which provides an HTTP-based API? i.e. for spans which have both db & http context, I would expect db to take precedence.

Author: Good catch

> else if (context.message?.queue?.name) "${subtype ?: type}/${context.message.queue.name}"

Author: @SylvainJuge Do you think we should also add a rule for `context.message.routing_key`? Or would there be a higher risk of the routing key having a high cardinality compared to the queue name?

else if (context.http?.url)            "${context.http.url.host}:${context.http.url.port}"
else                                   subtype ?: type
```

The inference of `context.destination.service.resource` SHOULD be implemented in a central place within the agent,
such as an on-span-end-callback or the setter of a dependant property,
rather than being implemented for each individual library integration/instrumentation.

For specific technologies, the field MAY be set non-centrally.
However, updating the generic inference logic SHOULD be preferred, if feasible.

> Setting the value within a specific library integration/instrumentation is perfectly fine is if there's only one canonical library for it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Setting the value within a specific library integration/instrumentation is perfectly fine if there's only one canonical library for it.
```
